{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red9\green80\blue196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
These were the steps I had to perform to create the static libraries for Freetype for iOS. These steps assume you are on a Mac. These instructions were first written on 10/21/15.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Navigate to quorum-language/Quorum3Plugins/GamePlugin/Native/Mac/freetype-2.5.5/builds/cmake.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open the file \'93iOS.cmake\'94 with a text editor.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Find the line that reads: "CMAKE_FORCE_C_COMPILER(gcc gcc)\'94 and replace it with \'93CMAKE_FORCE_C_COMPILER(/usr/bin/gcc gcc)\'94
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Find the line that reads "CMAKE_FORCE_CXX_COMPILER(g++ g++)\'94 and replace it with \'93CMAKE_FORCE_CXX_COMPILER(/usr/bin/g++ g++)\'94
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Download CMake from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cmake.org/download/Open"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 https://cmake.org/download/}}
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\cf0 6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 CMake.\'a0
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
At the top of the UI, next to \'93Where is the source code:\'94, click \'93Browse Source\'94 and choose the directory of\'a0quorum-language/Quorum3Plugins/GamePlugin/Native/Mac/freetype-2.5.5
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use the \'93Browse Build\'94 button to select a place to put the output. In my case, I created an \'93Output\'94 folder in freetype-2.5.5 and selected this folder.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click \'93Configure\'94 on the bottom of the screen. This will open a window with configuration options.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select \'93Xcode\'94 as the generator for this project.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the radio buttons below, select \'93Specify toolchain file for cross-compiling.\'94 Then click \'93Continue\'94 at the bottom of the window.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide the full path to \'93quorum-language/Quorum3Plugins/GamePlugin/Native/Mac/freetype-2.5.5/builds/cmake/iOS.cmake\'94 as the toolchain file. Then click \'93Done.\'94
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	13	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You should have several new entries in red in the window. Click \'93Configure" again - the red entries should no longer be red.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	14	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click \'93Generate\'94.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	15	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inside the folder you selected for step 8, there should now be an Xcode project for freetype. Open it.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	16	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build the project.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	17	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inside your output folder, you should now have the static libraries built for the iOS simulator. We still need to make the libraries for the actual iOS devices.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	18	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the left bar next to \'93freetype project\'94 there will be a yellow warning triangle with one reported issue. Expand the project and click on the \'93Validate Project Settings\'94 warning.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	19	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All options should be selected. Click \'93Perform Changes.\'94
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	20	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the Xcode window, click on the \'93All\'94 tab at the top to show all project settings.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	21	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click on \'93Supported Platforms\'94 and select \'93Other\'94.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	22	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the window that pops up, delete the line that says \'93iphonesimulator\'94. There should now be a single remaining line that reads \'93iphoneos\'94.
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	23	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build the project again. You should now have all static libraries compiled for freetype inside your output folder.}